the restaurant food quality was not great. i found the reception staff a little i'll informed on the surroundings and not very responsive to emails. from the time i booked the accommodation - any written correspondence takes forever to be addressed if addressed at all. it would be prudent of the establishment to inform guests of the taxes one should pay when one arrives for planning purposes. the toilet had stains on the seat and the shower had nowhere near enough power. the reception area was a joke. three desks and it was whoever pushed in front of you got served first regardless of the ticket system on the side this meant we waited almost an hour to check in in the rain and the staff didn't care. we took the normal bunker rooms initially, and they were absolutely horrible. there was mold everywhere, my wife who is allergic had an asthma attack (she hasn't had one in five years), it was extremely cold and wet inside, we could hear the noise from the street and the bungalow was moving whenever our neighbors would walk around it. overall, we couldn't sleep at all during the first night, it was worse than camping in a tent. in the morning, all the clothes smelled like mold, so we went to the reception to change our room, which they did immediately (this somehow showed us that they knew about the things we told them). they moved us or the deluxe bungalows without asking for any extra charge. these bungalows were way better and newer, but there was still mold in the shower cabin. i think the only thing that would make this place the absolute best of the best is the curtains around the bed! the main lights in my room were right above my head when i was lying in bed. super unpleasant when someone suddenly turn on the light at night. please think about investing in those curtains and giving your guests some privacy and protection from light at night. also, few shelves and hooks in the bathroom would be nice, and hooks on the wall in the rooms - it was raining one evening and i didn't have a place to hang my jacket without getting all my belongings wet (in the locker) one guy from the stuff did not understand english and i could not communicate with him. not extra bad but i had a question and there was no one else to help. it came today and i plugged it in, charged, powered on and did the setup. walked away for a bit and came back to it with a black screen. i assumed it went to sleep or the screen turned off. the power button does nothing. blue light is on saying it is charged. held down power for twenty seconds- nothing. unplugged from charger and did the same. waited a bit and called amazon tech who had me repeat the same steps. i've now been on hold for twenty-five minutes while they reach out to acer to see if there is something else, they can do. i waited on hold for nearly ten minutes while the amazon tech stated she was on hold with acer. she came back after and said that she couldn't reach them despite their call center being twenty-four hours but would call me at five pm on friday. friday and i did not receive a call. i checked hours later to see she had sent an email and told me to call acer directly. by this time, it's late and i have plans. i therefore called acer this morning. anytime the computer is left on without using for twenty minutes it freezes - resetting the battery doesn't help- the power button just doesn't work and it has to sit for twenty-four to reset itself. they suspect a display, charger or battery issue and offered to send me a shipping label as i can't print anything without a working computer. as i've had this computer for less than two days and it had issues within hours i advise that i will be returning to amazon for a replacement. amazon tells me it'll be days before i get my replacement. hopefully it works! now i do remember why i bought my last computer at a store - is there's ever an issue they can replace it the same day and have techs on staff that don't just try to pass the issue along. i'm sorry, i'm going to have to demerit the ratings a bit. i purchased three of these pc laptops for my clinic (external use; not for patient data). it took me two hours to set them up. i put all three on the countertop and just went from one to the other. this is what i always do. there's always irritation to work around with setting up computers but these were the worst ones yet. you have to ensure you don't connect them to the internet during setup because if you do ... you must absolutely sign in with your microsoft account (or create another one). they have completely removed the "create local account" (the traditional way to log in). if you entered your wireless network info, you have to unplug your modem and restart the computer and start the set-up all over again because there is no way to "back up" to the network entry section. so terrible. because they removed the option to choose a local account, their reasoning for this is simply to control you and your computing experience. for personal use, this may be okay. for corporate use, not a chance! the security problems are incredible with this setup. you're going to get sued! so -- after this ordeal, windows are set up. first thing i always do is install google chrome and then make it default. this device is the only way i have found to attach a larger cup to my model ninja blender. however, if you don't like tinkering with such things... i strongly suggest you just live with the smaller cups and not buying this! every morning, i put greek yogurt, a cup of frozen berries, half a frozen banana, a cup of frozen kale, a spoon of chia seeds, couple spoons of ground flaxseed, a handful of raw almonds, and a couple cups of almond milk in my blender. it doesn't even stutter - just chops it all up into a smoothie i can drink through a straw. has never given me any trouble or failed to blend perfectly smoothly. love this thing... especially for the price. edited to add: i've seen a lot of people complaining that it doesn't blend all the ingredients, gets stuck, requires stirring, etc. i've found that when this happens to me, it's usually because i didn't add enough liquid to compensate for the solid ingredients. i just pop the top and pour in a little more - water, milk, whatever - and it solves the problem right away. this isn't the blender's fault; it's operator error. every morning, i put greek yogurt, a cup of frozen berries, half a frozen banana, a cup of frozen kale, a spoon of chia seeds, couple spoons of ground flaxseed, a handful of raw almonds, and a couple cups of almond milk in my blender. it doesn't even stutter - just chops it all up into a smoothie i can drink through a straw. has never given me any trouble or failed to blend perfectly smoothly. love this thing... especially for the price. this isn't the blender's fault; it's operator error. we have had the blender a little over a year and only use it to make a shake for two people once a day. the blender worked good initially but as time went on it would just stop in the middle of making a shake. and as abruptly as it stopped would start again. my wife thought that it was the result of positioning the glass container on top of the power head, but i guessed that it was more likely that the motor has a thermal breaker that shuts the unit down so the motor doesn't burn out. and when the motor cools down the thermal breaker closes and the motor runs again. she thought that the bananas caused the problem, but i said it was more likely that it was the frozen blue berries that was the culprit. i tried to phone the number offered to contact the warranty people but after three hours of busy signals sent a notice to them on their website. if you are going to put in bananas it might be ok but buy something else if you are going to use frozen blue berries or harder. i bought this blender two years ago, mainly to make smoothies and occasional milkshakes. it was used, on average, once a day for less than five minutes. it was excellent for what i wanted and had a design which greatly helped the blending process without need for constant stopping to get unmixed material down to the blades. after about a year it started leaking and i discovered that the plastic 'nut' that attaches the blades to the glass jar had cracked. i tried to repair it with different adhesives but nothing worked. thinking i had just been unlucky with the first one i purchased a second of the same model. i replied asking them if they would guarantee the replacement parts without charging for anything if they failed (since i suspected a manufacturing problem in general with that part) and have heard nothing back, which i take as a 'no'. too bad--i'm now using an oster which is supposed to be pretty bulletproof. i made a smoothie every day and this thing works great. has a custom smoothie button that goes through this little process and then shuts off when it's done. then you can just grab the cup and put the lid on and take it with you. i also make hummus in this guy. easily the best blender i've ever owned, but i've always only owned the cheap crap you get at walmart. can't imagine needing a nicer blender than this. update: the blender still works great, but if you attempt to order an extra cup from oster, you're in for quite the experience. i was given some kind of tall tale about the cup not being manufactured anymore. when mentioned to the rep that they were still selling the blender (with the cup in question no less) this was explained away that there were still some in circulation. and this was after she tried to sell me the wrong cup, in spite of my protestations that this cup (as stated by amazon and their own website) was (for some psychotic reason) not compatible with my particular blender. if you're expecting to buy this blender and be able to buy accessories for it, you're in for a bizarre and frustrating experience, thus i have significantly lowered my score. blender died. just barely a year of service. just shut off and wouldn't come back on. on friday i was on my way to work and called oster about a warranty. lady demands the serial number and refused to help any further. now it's monday, and now that oster is back open i'm on hold. actually this is my fourth call of the day. the previous three calls say, "due to unusually high call volume, we are unable to handle this call." it then hangs up on you. infuriating. will update if i ever get someone to answer. i was so looking forward to using this breakfast sandwich maker, so i can make my own at home, but was very disappointed when it arrived defective. a screw was missing from one of the hinges, which i eventually found among the packaging material. no problem, i thought, but when i tried to put the screw back in, it wouldn't tighten. it just kept going around and around, and the hinge remained very floppy. i opted to return the machine, rather than having it replaced because it seemed like just another flimsy, cheaply made import from china. i might try again with another brand and will probably pick one up at a brick and mortar store, where i can hopefully open it there to make sure it's okay before taking it home. i've used one of these machines before at my son's house, and it worked beautifully, and made a breakfast sandwich just like the ones at mcdonald's. there should be better quality control on all imports. this breakfast sandwich maker is the worst kitchen appliance i have ever used. i followed the directions to the t, i even put less in then it called for use the correct size eggs but every time i try to make them the eggs moves out of the plates and there's always a mess all over the whole bottom. i thought i might've been doing something incorrectly so i read the manual again it suggested to use a nonstick spray so i tried two more times to make the breakfast images spraying all parts that come in contact with the food with pam. the same thing happens the eggs moves out and they're everywhere this machine works terrible in my opinion. had i not already cut up the box and thrown it away i would've return this after my second use because it shows me that it is not designed properly. the plates are very loose when you put a man you can take a and wiggle them, they slide from side to side with a lot of play which i don't think they should. i always made sure that the middle dividing cook play was engaged all the way so that nothing could leak out, the fact of the matter is the rings are so loose fit your eggs will leak out every single time if you're cooker is anything like mine. once again i would return this for a refund the second day i used it because it is so poorly made and effective. i was unable to return it because i don't have the box so it was a waste of twenty dollars for me, instead of eaten breakfast sandwiches i ended up eating twenty dollars. i wanted to love this product and even told others about it. bought it so my son could have a breakfast sandwich before school, and he was excited to use it on the first day of school. unfortunately, it wouldn't heat up. as soon as plugged in the green light would come on and the unit never heated up. being that this was about a week after purchase, i contacted hamilton beach customer service to report the issue. no problem they said, email a copy of the receipt and we'll send a new unit out. i did so and then seven business days later i realized i hadn't heard anything. got a call back (wait time is always over twenty minutes no matter what time of day i called) and was told that i needed to send a photo of the serial number on the unit. when asked why nobody told me this or contacted me as promised the answer was “i don't know.” i sent in the picture of the serial number to the email i was told to send it to and again, heard nothing back. i called again, left a message to get a call back (twenty minutes wait this time) and nobody ever called back. i suspect that they try and stretch it out past ten days, so they don't have to do anything about the issue. i give up. returned it to amazon and the first day of school my kid had toaster waffles. such a disappointment the toilet and shower are external to the room which i was aware of, but the token lock system for the shower confused me a bit and i wasted one token trying to figure out how the lock would work and had to run back to the room to get another token. take a few with you. (note: the tokens are provided by the front desk on check-in). the only thing i didn't liked is that the showers and bathrooms weren't very clean, but there were people cleaning all the time, is understandable for the amount of people. anyway, you have to bring some flip flops to shower. and also, you can pay a lot less in other hostels, but i don't know the quality, obviously. i would definitely recommend this one to. the higher part of the bunk bed is very hard to climb up, and the locker for bags are all near the lower bunk bed, so lower beds are more convenient. if you want to keep valuable belongings in the hostel, you have to bring your own lock. also, the curtains for the bed is very cozy and privacy-protecting, but it keeps the roommates from having a chance to meet or talk. they only provide one free towel, and you have to pay two euros for a new towel. there is nowhere to keep and dry the wet towels even if you want to keep using the old one. there are actually quite a lot of activities or meet and greet time provided by the hostel, but it is not informed that well. make sure to ask about them to the supervisors there if you want to meet a lot of people. the lounge is very clean but is very small and nothing much goes on there, it almost all happens in the bar downstairs. the elevator is so small and takes forever to go up and down. the drinks at the bar are watered down. it makes sense if you think of it as the first stage of a pub crawl or to go to one of the clubs where they offer to take you every night, but if you are just there having a drink go for beer. the common room is dark and no one wants to hang out there, so it's not a nice place to meet people (except perhaps during sangria time) the room zone is dark and cold the entire day. the clubs they take you to are bad. this should not be listed as a hotel. this is a bed and breakfast  and should be listed that way! the check in was terrible and located at a different location which was not easy to find! we wasted two hours waking all round with our luggage and no one knew of the address we were given. even our cell phones could not locate the address! finally had to locate police who were able to tell us where the location was. we had to take our suitcases up two flights of steps to check in and then down again to go back to our bed and breakfast which is a bit of a walk. it looks like someone invested money to fix up this location and then left it to someone else to manage. if the check in would be easier or at least if someone was at the bed and breakfast to help you it would run smoother. except at breakfast and to clean your room there is no one on the property to assist you with anything---towels, hair dryer (which we were told we would have one and did not) or questions of any kind. the hotel itself was fine, but the off premise check in process was unacceptable. there were unexpected charges for luggage and no one at the hotel to answer questions, assist if a problem should arise, or give advice and recommendations. for that reason alone, i would never rebook or recommend this hotel. having phone or text contact is not a good replacement for an on-site host. i understand that this is a money saving measure for the hotel, but a big negative for guests. on a smaller scale. the shower needs a soap dish to put shower items. the soap and shampoo bottles had to be placed on the floor while bathing. and, a towel hook you could reach from the shower. towel also had to be placed on floor next to shower. bed pillows also need an upgrade. the service left a lot to be desired. we were there in september and it was hot. the air con didn't work but instead of coming to see what was going on, we were told it should be working and ignored. we had to open the windows and we were eaten alive by mosquitos while we slept. really out of the way about ten minutes walk to the main attractions although easy to get to the train station from here. also be warned, if you come early or leave late, have to pay extraordinarily high fees for storing luggage and as there are no other options, you end up having to spend the money. quite difficult to access the property over a bridge if you needed to carry big bags, would be quite difficult. overall a nice looking place, far out of the way, and staff generally not keen to help. strange how the reception is not located at the hotel which made it more difficult to get help from staff and didn't feel as though there was anybody around to assist or look after you. the hotel is very new, and it still felt quite unfinished and not as comforting as it could have been - room didn't really feel complete. the hot water took forever to turn on. there is no room service or extra facilities in the hotel. no aircon either. check in at a different location, address given for check in was actually across the street from the building with the actual address on it. very confusing. was given paper directions with pictures, also bad, better to use google maps to find the place. only about a five minute walk, once you get started on your way. would not want to do this after dark. place is very nice, but with a few improvements could be so much better. no one on premise, even though it says there is a front desk, nada! one shower and hot water stopped, reported and they fixed. ac did not work the whole time there, late may, but very hot. had to keep windows open and had mosquitos. bathroom could be better with a small console or table to put toiletries on. had to put on floor. really a beautiful place with great potential. ladies serving breakfast were very nice. this was a new hotel, so they didn't have a reception area on location. it wasn't clear where to check in. they should have had a large sign on the gate where you checked in (about half mile away from the hotel). the person that checked us in was not very friendly, in fact a little rude. the check-out time (ten) is too early, it should be at least eleven. there was no place to store our luggage at the hotel to allow us to walk around the city. they wanted to charge a ridiculous fee to store luggage at another location. the heater didn't work in the room, so it was a little cold. first off, the directions they gave us were horrible. they made us go down a street and up a cobblestone street with our luggage when we could have gone straight and made a right on a leveled street. that was just to check in! the directions to the room were even worse! we got lost walking up and down cobblestone street in the hot sun. this was after a long plane and train ride to reach venice. lastly our ac did work well. we reached out to them and their response was that the technician had been out there that morning and it was working. we had to sleep with the windows opened. thankfully it was only one night. will not stay there again. usually i read reviews and take them with a pinch of salt given that us brits love to moan about pretty much anything. but in this case everything you read is true! check in is a nightmare and is down a back alley in an office block with no elevator to bring your luggage up its chaos as they act as a check in for about five different “hotels” so there are loads of people and the service is fair but slow. they send you a secret code to get into your hotel but this will only be sent at bang on three o'clock so no chance of even a slightly early check in. when we arrived we thought the reviews had been harsh on first inspection as it has recently been renovated (it's clean and modern appearance but has been done on the cheap) but it seemed ok. we came back from our first day to a sweltering hot room with the smallest ac unit you could find and the room despite the scarce lack of furniture is actually quite large so didn't make a bit of difference to the heat. went out for dinner and the area turns from run down area to tramps hideout and did not feel safe. the noise from above is annoying at best and the breakfast whilst served with a smile is absolutely. stay away as you can get much better for your money and the hotel staff contactable online are extremely rude and defensive about the sub-par and some instances inadequate accommodation. the air conditioning didn't switch on during the two days we were there. despite all our complaints, calling the reception, maintenance and even the property manager, they kept saying the air conditioning was working before our arrival. nobody took the effort to come to the premises and see that what we were saying was true. the reception is far from the hotel itself, so there's nobody there who you can turn to in the hotel in case of an emergency or a problem like ours. we opened the windows and almost got eaten by the mosquitoes. it's very frustrating when you need something as basic as requiring what you've paid for and not getting an answer or, what's more, being called a liar. so, dear traveler avoid this property, if what you want is to get what you've paid for! the air conditioner does not work well enough to cool the room sufficiently. it is a pity as the accommodation is great but is let down by this. we were lucky that the nights were fresh enough to open the windows and stay cool, but i can imagine that it would be very uncomfortable if this were not the case. i'm sure that once the aircon is sorted, this will be a top place to stay at. the breakfast could also be better, for such a nice hotel. check in is off site but not very far away. some of the reviews i read are a bit harsh and uncalled for. no ac during hot august at all. contacted hotel via email, whatsapp, and phone, multiple times for two night stay, nothing was fixed other than being told they are working on it. had to leave the window open overnight but suffering from mosquitoes attacks and loud noises around three am from the street. you would expect air-conditioning sureley as the hotel information on booking.com says it is so. We were given two beds pushed together when I paid for upgraded room, the beds were uncomfortable, and we were given disabled access room which lead to my girlfriend accidentally pulling the emergency wire. This was our anniversary and we are appalled at the price we payed for such an uncomfortable stay. The room had a funny smell. Probably because the extraction in the bathroom didn't work. We went to the bar in the evening after returning from a night out and there was only one member of staff behind the bar and there was a huge queue. Would expect a hotel to be better prepared for evening drinkers. The breakfast was nice, but the food could have been warmer. Still worth it. The Windows were quite dirty, but it may be because of the proximity to the wharf and all the construction around. The breakfast was nice, but the food could have been warmer. Still worth it. The Windows were quite dirty, but it may be because of the proximity to the wharf and all the construction around. Cleanliness of the room was poor in places. Bed was rather hard by anyone's standards. Once you get pass the reception the place needs a renovation to make it more presentable. Also fire alarm going off in the dead of night for no reason wasn't ideal either. My room was with several issues, the floor was broken, some wires appeared in the bathroom with a electrical risk. The staff took a time to propose a solution for the room. My room should not be available for any customer. I hated it! They need to be more professional the staff!  The bathroom was tight and too difficult to accommodate the things. Very old fashion. The bed is close to the wall beside the hotel corridor. Too noisy. You need a car to go to downtown. There's nothing we didn't like. Maybe the wellness experience could have been slightly better - no robes were available (only for a fee and all were rented out), the relaxation room was locked and only one sauna (out of two) was operational. However, we enjoyed ourselves anyway and the receptionist gave us an essential oil to use in the sauna - this was very nice.  The mattress and pillows were not comfortable.

