the bungalows are neat and not too bad space wise. not too shabby for a camping spot. i like that there is an atm on site as well as the fact that you can buy local bus and train service tickets at a machine on site and from the reception. would like to see the space in summer. the rooms were a decent size, we paid fifteen for three nights and this was a real bargain. the campsite overall was beautiful and very peaceful. the beds were okay not the best but not the worst. would book again if in rome purely because of the price and simplicity of the room and location. not too far but not too close with decent access to busses and local cheap shops nearby. awesome place, hospitality among the stuff, very comfortable room, good value of the food. all are good points. there was a lot of nature around us. the staff changed our rooms immediately after we told them that our room was horrible. the air conditioning in the deluxe bunkers works very good. nice design in the deluxe bungalows with different types of lighting. fantastic place. great location, friendly staff, the bed is so comfortable that you feel like flying while lying on it, it's very clean and beautiful. i really enjoyed my stay. the hostel is clean, quiet and modern. the kitchen could be upgraded but it had everything you needed. the area is safe and quiet enough. beds were very comfortable. absolutely a great stay! i had the best time and everything was perfect. hostel is super close to termini, and a few blocks away from colosseum! it's clean and modern. staff at the reception is nice, and cleaning ladies do a great job. beds are comfortable, i love that they choose to have stairs instead of ladders. the best thing ever! super easy to get down and up your bed and you can use it as shelves too. locker is specious enough to store your carry on and hang jackets. bathroom big enough to be comfortable, and modern. i would definitely stay again! spacious room for two (nice and comfy bunk beds). there is a shelf next to each bed with a socket and a light. a gorgeous large bathroom and a balcony to top it up. a large safe is available for each guest, with a socket inside, for those that may not feel comfortable leaving their devices charging while they are out and about. everything was great. federici guest house is located to near vatican and you can see everything what you want. if you don't want to walking, you can use metro which is directly before guest house. the breakfast are from nine, but if you need everything is ready from eight. the rooms are every days clean. the hotel is very calm. fabio is very nice and helpful. he showed and explained all everything at the hotel. when we have troubles before our departure fabio did everything what he could. thank you so much for everything. location excellent, very quiet area, the room area was quiet, neighbors upstairs nosy at night sometimes - as this is a sort of live-in bed and breakfast with families occupying rooms above/below - it's a big building just at the ottaviano metro station. other customers ringing the doorbells at three am - probably forgot their keys or had night visits (not host's fault though). staff extremely nice, polite and helpful. very clean room, clean bathroom - hot water discontinued last morning of my stay due to some emergency gas maintenance (unforeseen) breakfast ok, the customary sweet italian buns, but also yoghurt and fruit (one morning only). ask for espresso coffee (very tasty) and they will provide it instead of much consumed american coffee. and there is a lift, as in most of such buildings! fabio helpful and efficient, speaks very good english! so i am going to tell you what i love about this computer and what i use it for. i am a full-time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. i have previously used a hp all in one computer that i bought brand new a year ago and i hate that thing... it is so slow! it navigated quickly between web pages, my microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my hp does. the picture of this monitor is just beautiful. everything is so clear. i love that the keyboard has a back light so i can see the keys if i need to take a look at them while i am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds. this computer is so light weight and easy to carry. i love the sleek design of it as well. this would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. i would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and i wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. i am so so so happy with this product! a very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. this blender was purchased to replace a cuisinart that i bought at costco that had all the bells and whistles and cost more than double. when it broke down after a few years worth of work (and that was my second), i decided that i would just get a good blender with nothing fancy. i got this and i love it. i use it to make pudding, puree split pea soup, and some drinks and it's really a good blender. it surprised me how much better it does the job than my cuisinart! i love the pouring spout on top as sometimes it was messy pouring from the corner of my old one. i've owned this for a while now. i don't like reviews from folks that do it right out of the box. i like to use the product for a while to test it out. this one definitely passed. really like this hamilton beach power elite multi-function blender! very well designed with a heavy glass carafe with built-in pouring spout with cover and another covered port to add ingredients while blending. another great design feature: the gasket between the carafe and the motor housing is permanently attached so you don't run the risk of losing it while dismantling it for cleaning. the buttons are smooth functioning and offer a variety of speeds. the blade itself is designed smaller than can other blenders i have had but the fluted design of the carafe forces the ingredients into the spinning blades making the blending process shorter and more efficient. it also is much quieter than other blenders i have had. and with a three year warranty, who can go wrong at this price? i love it and my smoothies are blended better than any others i have made! pillowcases are nicely done. soft and satin is smooth and cool to touch. was concerned they might sleep hot and cause a sweaty feeling but not at all. washed well and dried to wrinkle free finish. also like the envelope closure on open end. looks nice and finished and keeps from slipping off. hope they pay off and help decrease hair breakage a bit. very comfortable and recommend. good price point to at least give a try. cooks egg sandwiches perfectly and easily! after reading reviews of some people that gave it a low rating of think it is user error more than the sandwich maker itself. here are some tips: the handles clearly say 'hot'. so use an oven mit to open the handle once it is done cooking. egg not cooking the whole way through? break the yolk and don't overload it with toppings! that's your issue. wait for it to completely cool before cleaning... the egg residue should peel right off. and for the people that whined about the order of the egg, meat, and cheese not being like a mcdonald's egg mcmuffin. flip your bread order. it's that simple. see attached photo. reviewers these days can be so dumb! use your brain. we spent one morning experimenting. here's what we found. the best bread to use is the english muffins. crossiants will burn if cooked too long or if machine was already used and is still very hot. solution; allowed about five minutes of cooking time before making another batch. also, one batch we used scrambled eggs. allowed the eggs to cook for two minutes before adding top crossiants. next batch for poached egg, allowed egg to cook for three minutes before adding tops. crossiants cooking time for crisp light non burnt was four minutes. used pre-sliced sourdough bread sliced in half. did same as above; allowed eggs to cook first then added tops. perfectly toasted hot sandwiches. meats used were frozen sausages and ham. we put the sausages in the microwave for thirty seconds to thaw. they were links so used two and cut them in half to make four halves; fit perfectly. used fresh sliced deli ham folded in half. cheeses used; sliced kraft american singles and tillamook sliced swiss. the corners of the cheese stick out a tiny bit and ooze over the edge, but stay on the machine, nothing leaks on to counters. we mixed and matched all breads, meats, & cheeses. only a couple of fails with cooking times, but most worked great and fun for the kids to help out with the experiment. the easiest bread is the english muffins. no need to allow egg to cook before adding the tops; just throw it all in. best tasting was the crossiants with scrambled egg, ham, and swiss. yum! and the sourdough slices toast really nice. also did a sourdough sliced, thin slice of mozzarella, thin slice of tomato, sprinkled some basil--no egg (just left the egg dividers open). was a nice little snack. would probably be better with bacon and avocado. clean up is a breeze. the cups lift right out; put them in a bowl of hot soapy water for literally a minute, rinsed and dried. used a warm washcloth to wipe away crumbs and melted on cheese from the machine, came right off, no scrubbing. since receiving this, i have made a breakfast sandwich every day (for a couple of months now) and i love it! my kids have opted a healthy breakfast sandwich over their usual choice of sugary cereals too much of the time so that's a huge plus. so much better tasting than the (albeit convenient) pre-made frozen ones you pop in the microwave. you control the ingredients (ex. whole grain english muffin, turkey sausage or ham, egg whites, or a low-fat cheese...etc. versus the less healthy alternatives). it takes literally five minutes to produce the breakfast sandwich of your choice from start to finish and the cleanup is a breeze, usually an easy wipe down is all that's needed. no lie, super easy. so, yesterday...after contemplating what to do with a good amount of mashed potatoes i had left over, i decided to see how well some savory potato cakes would hold up in this breakfast sandwich maker. i can say that they turned out beautifully and so much better uniformed than those made on the stove. whether you're making the purposeful breakfast sandwich, or the occasional experimental pancake of sorts, this appliance is a handy tool in the kitchen. i've been very pleased with its daily performance. i first saw this product about a year ago when a kitchen gadget blog i follow ridiculed it as one of those absurdly specific kitchen gadgets that nobody should own. but then i read all the positive reviews and that piqued by interest. for christmas this year, i bought my brother one of these as he's always stopping at mcdonalds for mcmuffins and this seems like a great, relatively low-cost gift idea. everyone was fascinated by this little thing, and it ran for several hours straight on christmas morning as everyone made a breakfast sandwich for themselves. as soon as i got home i ordered one for myself!
this is an attractive, compact appliance that would be right at home on the countertop but which is small enough to store almost anywhere. operation is simple: plug it in, wait until the green light turns on, then add your ingredients. unfortunately, there is no timer built in, but i found four minutes and thirty seconds is perfect for me. if i forget to set a timer, i can tell it's done when the lid of the device lifts up a bit, meaning the egg has cooked through. it takes some experimentation to figure out the best arrangement of ingredients. personally, i like the cheese on the bottom level and the ham and peppers or onions on the top mixed with the egg. i scramble the egg in a cup first as i don't like intact yolks; i have read some reviews saying the whisk the egg in the compartment, but i'd be concerned about scraping/scratching the non-stick surface. some reviewers mentioned that the egg compartment leaks. i noticed it leaking on the second sandwich, which seems to be because it hadn't warmed back up enough after the first sandwich. just be sure to jiggle the egg compartment a little so it settles onto the plate, and even if some egg manages to leak through the heat will seal it before the egg can run down the sides. i also spray the egg compartment with canola oil, which seems to help seal it and allows the egg to slide right out once it's done cooking. in short, after having one egg leak out i haven't had that problem again, except when i tried using two eggs at the same time. that's too much and will cause the egg to overflow from the top! the appliance comes with several recipe ideas and they're all great. this is an extremely versatile device, and it's great knowing you can make a quick breakfast sandwich with higher-quality ingredients than what's available at fast food places, and for a lot cheaper. cleanup is easy as the center pieces slide out and are dishwasher safe, and the top and bottom plates wipe clean very easily. if you're a sandwich maker skeptic, i implore you to give this appliance a try. for off, i got same day delivery which is super cool. yay for me! i couldn't wait to try it. it made a super yummy sandwich in just a few minutes. took me a second to figure out how to get it out in a staked sandwich (i rarely bother with directions). but you don't need me to explain, it's simple. i made sandwiches again this morning and was kind of tired. i didn't shut the egg tray tightly and the whole egg slid under the cooking tray on to the bottom ingredients, so it didn't get cooked all the way. no big deal it was my fault. this thing is cool, crispy muffin, well cooked eggs (when you shut the tray tightly), precooked sausage patties and warm melty cheese. one suggestion for even more yumminess, when it's done, open the sandwich and put a little syrup on it. yummy! i almost bought the single sandwich maker but obviously my husband will want one too so, why not make two at once so we can eat together? i completely love this breakfast sandwich maker!! it is a simple use dual sandwich maker that makes two perfectly cooked breakfast sandwich in five minutes. i first thought that it would be a messy cook when i read in the instructions that you had to crack an egg directly onto the cooker itself. then i figured out that i was completely wrong. when you crack the egg onto the plater you place an english muffin right on top of the egg, this is great because it makes the egg cook partially against the bread. then you have your other toppings on the second layer with the second piece of bread on the bottom. before you actually put the sandwich together you have to preheat the cooker, but this is fine because it only takes a minute or two. after you have all of your layers on you just close the whole thing and put the timer to four minutes. it will beep when it is done, and there you have a perfectly cooked breakfast sandwich! once you have let it cool down it is a very easy clean. if you take a microfiber towel that is just a little wet. this sandwich maker was very well reviewed, but i thought some of the reviewers who said they used it several times a week were a little over the top. nope. we use it two or three times a week...and it would be more often if we weren't concerned about cholesterol. from breakfast (or lunch) sandwiches, to frittatas, to “poached” eggs, this little machine does its job beautifully. i don't care for the bread cooked with the eggs, so i just lightly toast the english muffins separately when using them for sandwiches. (although our very favorite bread for breakfast sandwiches is sister schubert's dinner rolls.) the directions to poke the yolk with a toothpick seemed strange, and i was concerned that the yolks would run all over the place, but they stay intact without any sign you've punctured them. this machine is excellent for a quick, simple version of either “fried” or “poached” eggs. the eggs cook in about three minutes (the same for sandwiches), with fluffy whites fully cooked and runny yolks. instead of using sliced cheese for sandwiches, i add a tablespoon or so of a good sharp shredded cheddar to the lightly whisked egg...less messy and tastier than a cheese slice. basically, you can't go wrong with this easy-to-clean little machine, which appears very well made. i haven't gotten out the egg poaching pan or frying pan, or purchased a fast food breakfast sandwich, since it arrived. oh, man, i think i'm going to put on about thirty lbs.! i love this thing. i have used it for about a week now and made a bunch of sandwiches. there are several important things to do when using this: make sure the unit warms up (about five minutes) before you use it. make sure you use a non-stick cooking spray or similar every time. all it takes is a light coating. i used hive's olive oil spray, but you can use anything--it doesn't need much, as the surface is already non-stick. make sure whatever you put in it is four across or slightly less, but not too much less. you want about four across, ideally. i have used four english muffins--yes, take a tape measure to the grocery store with you--and four hamburger buns so far. also, make sure you pierce your eggs if you use eggs. i take a toothpick and swirl the egg yolk in with the whites, and it works fine. use only wooden or plastic utensils on this unit--no metal. you don't want to scratch off the non-stick coating. i use some metal tongs that have plastic ends on them, and they work just fine. obviously, this unit is going to be hot, so follow the instructions and be careful. anyway, the hamburger buns are about half the price of english muffins for more buns, and they do get dark when cooked for five minutes, but they taste just fine. i actually cook my muffins on five minutes and the buns about four. the timer on this works great, too, and it definitely lets you know when time is up. it goes in five increments. i have cooked with single cheese slices and round cheese slices. the square slices need the corners torn off, and then they work fine. i had some provolone circle slices, and they were just a little bit big for the cooker, but i tucked them down inside, and all was ok. i have used hormel canned ham (fully cooked) slices, and they worked great. i think there are six slices to a round can. i bought some fully cooked sausage patties last night. i'm looking forward to trying those. do not put raw, uncooked bacon in this unit. i didn't do it, but a friend told me a story about when they did it, and the results were less than pleasing. make sure any meat you put into this unit, for that matter, is already cooked. the unit is just warming it up and melting everything together. the only thing you should put in raw is the egg, which cooks in five minutes or less, generally. you do not need to cook the buns or muffins, either, if you want to get technical--the machine will toast those for you as well. anyway, i wish i had one of these years ago. a must buy if you like breakfast sandwiches. this was about twenty for the double, and you can get the single for about twentyfive. i also bought the sandwich maker book for ten. there are several out there. i love this thing! i have used it every weekend since i purchased it one month ago. while having a conversation with a co-worker about fast-food breakfast sandwiches, he told me that he was the proud owner of a breakfast sandwich maker, and that he no longer frequents fast food establishments for breakfast sandwiches because his come out so much better at home. i immediately got breakfast sandwich makers on the brain and started my research. there really aren't that many models, unless you want something like a panini press or something you can use for things other than breakfast sandwiches (standard bagels are too big). the manual comes with some recipes, but i haven't ventured away from the standard sandwich. anyway, i decided on the dual model so that neither my husband nor i would have to wait to eat. (he complained about me getting yet another kitchen appliance, but he sure hasn't turned down a breakfast sandwich yet!) there are things that could be improved, like the fact that you need to use a hot mitt so you don't burn yourself, and you really should use a little cooking spray or something so the egg doesn't stick, but if you watch the video, this is all explained there, so i knew what i was getting into and the reason i didn't give it less stars. i have not tried to use it for multiple batches so can't comment on the effectiveness of that. i went a little nutso at my favorite wholesale shopping center, and bought jumbo packs of english muffins, canadian bacon, and cheese slices. i used a cookie cutter to make the cheese slices fit into the round sandwich maker, and put together all the sandwiches (except the egg), then put them in ziploc bags and stuck them in the freezer so they would be ready to go. i take them out the day before i plan to make a breakfast sandwich, and then all i have to do is plug in the sandwich maker and add the egg. i haven't tried to put them in frozen yet (i'm usually so excited to eat them, that i have it planned out with enough time), but i imagine it would work fine. i personally like them at five mand minutes. oh, and the first time i made them, i didn't put any salt in the eggs, or butter the muffin on the inside. i was sorely disappointed and ready to go back to the fast food place. everything tastes better with butter (and salt), so don't leave it out! ok i never and i mean never write reviews. this product has been something i have been looking at for the past year and every time i though about purchasing it, i'd quickly take it off my cart, thinking how frivolous i am being for buying something solely to make breakfast sandwiches with. i finally decided enough after looking at a box of jimmy deans breakfast sandwiches, i purchased it right there in the frozen food isle of target as i flung the box of processed sandwiches back into the freezer. with amazon's prime membership it arrived the following monday. i had some left-over frozen blueberry eggs, string cheese, and stir-fried veggies in the fridge and decided to give it a go. before the device heated up i sprayed it down with some nonstick cooking spray. then tried to put the eggs in the bottom tray. of course the waffle was a little to big (it's made for english muffins, duh) so i trimmed it down to fit it into the plates, and threw the remainders on the top of the eggs, followed behind the cheese and veggies. next, i flipped the second plate down and put the egg in, along with the process of the eggs. set the timer and made a cup of matcha green tea. what i found in the breakfast maker after six mins was what dreams are made of and i knew then i would never buy breakfast again. so to you i say press add to cart, proceed to check out and then go to the market and purchase all the ingredients to the hot cheesy sandwiches you can think of. good day! the location is great! i also really appreciated the privacy curtains in the room. breakfast is basic, but better than other hostel breakfasts i've had. the staff gave my friend and me some ear plugs when we complained about people snoring in our room at night. the ear plugs were comfortable and a life saver! bathrooms were relatively clean. the breakfast was amazing. the staff will make you a fresh espresso or cappuccino. this hotel is very conveniently located to the cruise port. just a short walk to the people mover that brings you to the cruise port. from the check in location the staff will bring your bags to your room. it's worth it. it isn't easy moving your suitcase around venice. the room we had was huge. the staff was wonderful. the location was very convenient to everything. the maids there were very nice and the breakfast was good. the building is old and looks like someone is investing a lot to fix it up which is still on going. our level of rooms was very nice. · it was close to the public transportation stop. the hotel is located within walking distance from the metro stop waterlooplein, which is three stops away from amsterdam central station. it was easy to get the main station and to get to street cars to other parts of town. the staff were helpful and friendly, and i had a very good stay there. loved the location. room was awesome, great view. staff very friendly. only stayed for one night but would have loved to stay longer. loved the location. excellent location, walking distance to center and to station - about ten minutes. a very nice front lounge area and bar. rooms were a decent size, clean and heating/a/c worked well. shower very good. room had good charging points and sockets, and a safe. bed was comfortable. breakfast was excellent and well stocked with great variety for an additional euro. staff were very friendly and helpful. great value for money in expensive amsterdam. excellent location a short walk from the train station. room was bright, clean and comfortable! staff were very friendly and willing to help. they were very happy to store luggage for us for the day. their english was fantastic, so communication was easy given we don't speak dutch! we loved the 'fire' on the tv element when we got to the room! the beds were so comfy i slept like a baby and the room was kept at a perfect temperature. Very nice bar in the lobby and very cozy, comfortable to sit and relax or even work if you are on a business trip. The room and the shower was very nice too. The room is very small, but we only needed it for one night. It was very clean and the bed and pillows very comfortable. The bathroom was spotless. The staff were very helpful and cheery. I would definitely recommend for a short stay. The staff was very kind and willing to help for any request, always a good attitude and atmosphere. We arrived on my birthday and as a token they gave me two free drinks at the hotel bar! Very kind of them. The rooms were tied up every day. This was a tiny spot but perfect for exploring the center of Amsterdam. The room was clean and had a good use of space and the staff were friendly. They held our bags after we checked out which was very convenient.  The room the location and the staff were amazing. The center was really close. You could walk there in ten minutes. The staff could communicate in many languages and it was a pleasant surprise to see that many of them were talking in my native language. They were also extremely kind. Comfortable room and bed, in a handy location for the central station and the city center. The bar area was pleasant, and I had a drink there. Friendly staff. Able to leave my bag with the hotel all day on the day I checked out. Our room and bathroom, though not huge, were clean and modern looking with everything we needed for a comfortable stay. The quirky lounge bar had a relaxing atmosphere where we could enjoy an evening drink after a long day exploring the city. 
